What’s up, everybody?
If you are watching this video,
Deus ETH is over.
It was a small showcase of a brand new experience
that is now accessible, thanks to blockchain technology.
Our show was announced on the 19th of February,
and we have sold 50 unique hand made characters
for 0.3 ETH each.
According to our storyline, 50 heroes were wandering in the desert
in search of the promised land.
Heroes die during the show,
and 3 survivors share the box office in the end.
The Deus audience could not only watch the dramatic plot twists in the show,
but they could also trade their characters
and make some profit.
We call it “a post-internet theater”.
The entertainment of value.
There are more shows to come!
Sport shows, reality shows, games, etc.
Tokenville will become a sort of a Hollywood studio
that will produce and distribute content.
So, we wanna welcome you in Tokenville!
Make yourself at home.